Web infrastructure design

Task 0.
Definitions and Explanations.
1)For every additional element, why are adding it; Adding two new servers and a load balancer so that the load is split
between the three servers
2. What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it
works; Our load balancer uses the Round Robin algorithm which rotates between the servers when serving requests
3. Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain
the difference between both; the load balancer uses an Active-Active setup where both servers are online and ready to serve
this improves performance. in an Active-Passive setup, one server is online and the other is onstanby. here there is 
no single point of failure but the performance is the same as the single server setup
4. How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works; master-slave
replication enables data from one database server (the master) to be replicated to
one or more other database servers (the slaves). The master logs the updates, which
then ripple through the slaves. If the changes are made to the master and slave at
the same time, it is synchronous. If changes are queued up and written later, it is
asynchronous. It is usually used to spread read access on multiple servers for
scalability, although it can also be used for other purposes such as for failover, or
analyzing data on the slave in order not to overload the master.
5. What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to
the application; A replica node is a copy of the primary node, they provide redundant
copies of the application codebase to protect against hardware failure and increase
Issues
A. SPOF (Single Point Of Failure); there are three servers now a a single server failing will not take out the system, but there is a sole load balancer and when that fails, the system is taken out of action
B. Security Issues: there are no firewalls or security measures in the server and it can be illegally by an attacker who may be in the middle
C. No monitoring; “You cannot fix or improve what you cannot measure” is a famous
saying in the tech industry. Monitoring the server, website, or application in general,
would allow the owner to identify any problems, downtime, or security threats and resolve
them quickly before they turn into a serious problem. It will also improve productivity and
possibly save some costs on IT support. As well as improve user experience in general.